
The “1” Life Path: The Leader
The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.
Winners expect to win in advance. Life is a self-filling prophecy.
—ANONYMOUS
The 1 Life Path is someone who is self-motivated, independent, a hard worker.
They have a fierce competitive desire to be the best, and almost always succeed.
Unfortunately, they never believe they’re as good as they really are, because of what I
call their “inner bully.” This is the nonstop voice of criticism in their head, telling
them they’re not good enough. Despite all of their achievements, this voice demands:
“What’s wrong with you? What are you doing with your life?” They are extremely
critical of themselves, and expect others to live up to their incredibly high standards.
If they are disappointed, they are quick to judge.
The Life Path 1 can get involved with all kinds of people and business schemes—
even those that prove disastrous—and walk away unscathed, knowing exactly who
they are. Jack Nicholson comes to mind because as often as we hear that “Bad Boy
Jack” has done something wrong, everyone continues to love and forgive him. The 1’s
need for individuality is enormous. They are pioneers, innovators, unique, and capable
of great success. The 1 Life Paths are an asset to other numbers because these are the
people who will push you to strive for excellence as well. You are very likely to want
to achieve your own goals because it is so inspiring to watch their ceaseless quest for
perfection.
It is difficult for 1s to ask for help because they want to handle the problem their
own way. When the 1 Life Path makes up their mind on how they are going to take care
of a situation, it’s nearly impossible to talk them out of it. This means that occasionally
the 1 will fall on their face. If you are a 1, try to listen to others from time to time.
Others may see the 1 Life Path as egotistical or domineering but that’s not really
where the 1 is coming from. The 1 is just clear on who they are and strong when it
comes to offering an opinion. If a 1 feels they are doing well, you will know it by the
look of joy on their face. Those with a 1 Life Path can be kind and generous, but if they
feel that their partners are being unfaithful or have deceived them in love or business,
they can be ruthless.
The 1 vibration needs to be managing in some way—if not running the entire
company! They make great entrepreneurs and inventors because of their selfmotivation.
They are also known for having healing hands, so massage therapy,
reflexology, and acupuncture are fields in which they excel. Other fulfilling

occupations include: writer, restaurant owner, store owner, trial lawyer, military
officer, farmer, or anything that calls for independent action and decision-making.
When choosing a career, the 1 Life Path must ask the question: “What is it I’ve always
wanted to be?” Once they answer that question and go after their dreams, they are
unstoppable. They have tremendous focus, and they always become the very best at
whatever they do. The world is their oyster.
At the same time, the 1 vibration is always shooting to be number one, and if they
do a great job overall but just one thing goes wrong, they will beat themselves up over
it. They always feel like time is moving way too fast. The 1s need to ease up and
encourage themselves instead of being too self-critical.
Note that if you’re the boss to a 1 Life Path, the worst thing you can do is to stand
over their shoulder, watching them work. They have a rebellious streak, and will react
badly if they feel you don’t have faith in them. Instead, you must let them know you
trust them to do an amazing job—and then leave them alone. If you handle them in this
way, they’ll give you magic.
Another great activity for the 1 is to watch sports, races, game shows—anything
where people are winning. Dancing is a great release for the 1 Life Path. It helps them
get out of their heads and relax. Yoga is a popular meditation technique and will also
have a soothing effect.
NATURAL MATCH NUMBERS: 1, 5, and 7
COMPATIBLE NUMBERS: 2, 3, and 9
CHALLENGE NUMBERS: 4, 6, and 8