The “2” Life Path: The Mediator
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people
always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become
great.
—MARK TWAIN
This 2 Life Path is someone who is seeking harmony in life. They are here to love
others and to be loved in return. Music has an especially soothing effect on them; they
are easygoing; if you want someone who is affectionate, you should seek a 2 Life Path
Number because they do like hugs and kisses. They need and give lots of love and
affection. Unless all the other numbers in their chart discourage giving such absolute
love, it is their natural way.
The 2s are mediators, they loathe conflict, and they will do whatever it takes to
avoid it. If there are people in their lives who are fighting, they’ll try to fix it. 2s also
tend to be psychic, and they will have dreams that come true. They also experience
déjà vu. It’s never a problem for them to follow, a 2 doesn’t have to be the leader.
Because of their natural psychic ability, they tend to be good at Astrology,
Numerology, Tarot reading, Tea leaf reading, and the I Ching. They make good
counselors and social workers. These people have concern for others, enjoy their
company, and don’t like to be alone. They crave unconditional love, and make great
parents, the kind who tend to be friends to their children.
The 2 does not need the spotlight. They’ll do the job. As a matter of fact, they are
the people who would donate to a charity in secret. They would just do it out of the
kindness of their heart. They need to bring people together and they’re the ones to see
when looking for anything from a dentist to a carpenter. They know everyone and love
to help out. The only time 2s get angry is if they feel pushed or threatened. Otherwise,
they’re extremely good-natured.
If you look into a 2’s eyes, you can just see what good, kind people they are. That
is just where they come from. The flip side of a 2 is that now and then you might meet
a 2 who feels they do everything for everybody and they feel drained. Yet, if you know
them personally, you may feel they are giving themselves far too much credit.
I think it’s important, when it comes to a 2, to keep in mind that they are here to
love others and to be loved in return. If you work with them, they will definitely come
through for you. The 2 has to be careful not to take on the problems of the people they
love. My analogy for the 2 is that if they saw someone fall in a well and cry for help,
the 2 would jump in and ask, “What’s wrong?” only to look up and say, “Oh my
33
goodness, now we’re both in here!”
So it is important for the 2 to have empathy, but to, nevertheless, be able to stand
back and say: “Okay, I’m sorry that happened, but it’s still your problem. I’ll help as
much as I can, but I am not going to get in it with you.” The 2 has to be careful not to
place themselves completely at another’s disposal, because eventually they will get
angry and resentful. They often worry about what others think of them; here’s a
reminder for all of us, but especially the 2: “What people think of me is none of my
business.”
When the 2 is surrounded by emotional vampires who are taking all of their energy
—it’s okay for them to just walk away. Otherwise, what they don’t deal with mentally
will eventually attack them physically, and that’s why a 2 Life Path can wind up with
health problems. Easygoing as they usually are, when they get upset, it is like a
volcano erupting. When this emotional outburst is over, they will feel very drained,
because anger is so toxic to the very essence of who they are. Because of this, 2s must
be careful with whom they spend their time.
NATURAL MATCH NUMBERS: 2, 4, and 8
COMPATIBLE NUMBERS: 1, 3, 6, and 9
CHALLENGE NUMBERS: 5 and 7