The “8” Life Path: The Executive
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through.
—CHINESE PROVERB
The 8’s life lesson is to establish financial security. This is not to say that 8s are
materialistic. It’s just that the Life Path 8 seeks the freedom that comes from being
financially stable. They don’t like the fact that money can be elusive, so they find ways
to keep the money coming in so they’ll never be without. Because of this, there are a
lot of 8s who are millionaires—but who never spend a penny of it. They’d rather keep
the money in the bank, where it’s safe. Then there is the other kind of 8: whenever they
have money, they feel the need to spend it all.
Usually 8s tend to be drawn to the finer things in life. They like quality and often
have attractive possessions—a nice home, car, clothes, etc. These possessions are
reminders that everything is under control financially.
The 8 has excellent executive ability, and this is also the politician’s number. It’s a
power number, which means that while they want control, they do hope to use it to
make a positive difference in the world.
The 8 is the classic workaholic. Often, a woman who is married to an 8 Life Path
will get upset and tell me her husband doesn’t care about her or their children. All he
cares about is work. I can tell her exactly what he’s thinking: “Hey, I’m trying to make
things happen and achieve some goals so I can be a great provider.” The same goes
for 8 Life Path women; they can also get too caught up in the business world. I tell my
8 Life Path clients to remember who it is they are working so hard for! They must take
time to give the people in their lives enough personal attention.
As I said above, the number 8 has a dual nature. This is evident, visually, from the
numeral itself: one circle on top of the other (8). This number is sometimes interpreted
as a symbol of degeneration and regeneration; when turned on its side, it becomes the
symbol of infinity ('). It’s no surprise, then, that complete reversals are always a
possibility with this number. This can be a good thing. If an 8 has made a big decision
in work or a personal relationship, and halfway through realizes it’s the wrong one,
it’s okay to do a 180 and go the other way. That’s what the 8 must learn to do instead
of staying stubbornly stuck in a bad position. I often tell my 8 clients that they’re
allowed to change their minds.
On the other hand, the reversals can go the opposite way. The 8 Life Paths will
have some difficult times in life. They may experience sorrow and wind up in
55
circumstances where they feel humiliated. An example of just this sort of reversal is
Martha Stewart. She worked hard, amassed a great fortune, and then one bad move
toppled it all. It’s no surprise that the bad decision was about money—it didn’t matter
that she stood to lose just a fraction of her overall fortune; as an 8 Life Path she
couldn’t bear the thought of financial loss, no matter how small.
Life Path 8s tend to be huge successes or major failures—often both in one
lifetime. The 8s just need to keep their focus on any endeavor they pursue, and they
will experience success. That said, 8s should remember it’s important to stop and
smell the roses.
It is common for an 8 Life Path to be misinterpreted by others. To avoid this, the 8
must learn to be more tactful. They tend to tell the truth about what they’re thinking,
neglecting to edit their remarks for the larger audience. Often they’ll say something
and have the other person respond with shock at how hurtful the remark was. At that
point it’s the 8’s turn to be stunned: All they did was tell the truth. This is a very
black-and-white vibration, with little room for gray areas. What I remind the 8 is that
very few of us can handle the cold, harsh truth without at least a gentle preamble. It’s
an art form that every Life Path should perfect, especially the 8. You can still say what
you feel, just be careful how you say it.
The 8 Life Path considers strife and struggle to be a normal part of life, but the one
thing an 8 cannot get over is infidelity. If a partner cheats on an 8, it is best for the 8 to
let that person go. It would take a supernatural effort for the 8 to get over it. Even if
they stay with the partner, the 8 will never really be able to forgive them.
The 8 Life Path does not have much tolerance for people who feel sorry for
themselves. An 8 who sees someone suffer will likely say, “Look, I’m sorry that
happened to you. Now get up.” This is ironic, since 8s often see themselves as a
victim. That’s because 8 Life Paths don’t get away with much in this world. If an 8
Life Path were driving five miles per hour over the speed limit and another Life Path
was going twice that, the 8 would get the ticket. It’s part of the reality of being an 8.
The key is getting through it without taking on a “woe is me” attitude. I recommend
humor to my clients. Learn to laugh at life! Rent a funny movie and surround yourself
with amusing people. Even listening to music that makes you happy can help you relax
and let go—disco, jazz, whatever sets you free. Remember, these hardships are
usually temporary. Life is not as overwhelming as you think. Dwelling on the negative,
especially if you’re an 8, can lead to a deep depression. I want to keep you healthy, so
I encourage you to learn to laugh as much as possible.
A good piece of news is that 8s are late bloomers. If you’re an 8 Life Path and
you’re thinking, Gosh, I wonder if I’m too old to do what I want to do, I’m here to say
you are never too old. As long as you’re on this planet, you can make your dreams
56
come true.
I do caution 8s about their health. It is not hard for them to get hurt, so they must be
on the alert when driving and playing sports. Paying attention to the moment can make
all the difference—I think many 8s get so caught up in their work and dreams that they
don’t always pay attention to the simple things that cause physical stress and trouble.
Occupations that suit the 8 include banker, stock market trader, accountant, office
manager, and engineer. This Life Path also makes good corporate lawyers or judges.
Many 8s go into the field of wedding planning, interior decorating and/or running
nonprofit organizations. They are often physically beautiful, so modeling and acting
are common career pursuits as well. Big business is a natural for the 8, like running a
network or a major publishing company. If the Life Path 8 has a 3, 6 or 9 in their birth
numbers, then their professions may lean toward the creative arts, perhaps in areas of
live performance. Now, if you have a dream that is very different than what I’ve listed
here, go for it! This is your life and you need to seize the moment. Keep in mind that
“life is not a dress rehearsal.” Today is a gift. As an 8 you are always planning for the
future. The future may never come! Today is what you’ve got; embrace it.
NATURAL MATCH NUMBERS: 2, 4, and 8
COMPATIBLE NUMBERS: 5 (in business), 6
CHALLENGE NUMBERS: 1, 3, 7, and 9
Note: Although the 8 falls in the Natural Match category, it can feel like a
Challenge Number to a fellow 8 Vibration.