The “4” Life Path: The Teacher
Don’t wait for your ship to come in, swim out to it.
—ANONYMOUS
The 4 Life Path is a very cerebral, intelligent number. The 4s are seekers of
knowledge and born teachers. They often wear glasses, and I think of them as “human
computers”—the fact that Bill Gates is a 4 Life Path is no surprise. They are into the
logic in life—A plus B must equal C.
We learn from 4s. If I said it’s a beautiful day with a blue sky, a 4 might add,
“Yeah, but do you see that black cloud?” The 4 is not trying to ruin my day; they just
want me to see the situation from all sides. I call this the “Spock mentality.” They are
always seeking truth. While they sometimes come off as cynical, what they are really
trying to do is give you information that they think will help you. You’ve got to take
them with good humor, because they really don’t mean you any harm. They are actually
trying to make your life easier.
The 4 is the first to say, “I don’t want to argue”—and yet they always wind up in
arguments! Why? I believe it’s because they are so honest and they are very direct.
They don’t often cushion the blow.
The 4 can intuitively fix things and often don’t quite know how they do it. Children
with this vibration can solve puzzles that would stymie most adults. I knew a 4 Life
Path eight-year-old girl who figured out how to adjust the broken door on the family
dryer with a safety pin, so it would run until the repairman got there. Young 4s seem
wise beyond their years.
The 4 needs lots of positive affirmation and is afraid of criticism. This can mean
that when they have a great idea, it often lives and dies in their head because they’re
reluctant to act on it. They overprocess, saying to themselves, “If I can’t do it
perfectly, I don’t want to do it at all.” A lot of their dreams are never achieved as a
result. The 4 vibration needs to remember to follow the old Nike slogan: “Just do it.”
The home is very important to the 4. They crave the security it brings, and always
make an effort to pay their bills on time to protect their haven, the place where they
can relax and feel they are safe. This need for stability can backfire, though. The 4
might stay in a bad relationship, because they dislike change of any kind and don’t
want to leave what feels like security.
All of us would do well to keep a to-do list, but it is absolutely essential for a 4.
Their minds are filled with so many different thoughts that unless they keep a list, it’s
39
easy to let a couple of things slide by. Once the thoughts are put on paper, the 4s can
set their minds at ease and avoid having too much going on in their very busy brains.
Nature’s beauty has a calming effect on the 4. They often like to hike and camp;
they tend to be very good at gardening and enjoy working in the backyard. Growing
their own food, or making a beautiful garden with flowers they can be proud of, is a
very healthy outlet, for the 4 likes to move slowly and deliberately. They don’t want to
have anyone pushing them into a situation they don’t feel ready for. This Vibration
likes to have a plan and they want their lives to be orderly.
If you are involved with a male 4, please note that he definitely wants to be a
provider. He needs security for himself, so it makes sense for him to take care of
others when he can. If he cannot, depression is sure to follow. You may find that you
have no idea what your 4 vibration sweetheart is thinking, because he is so often
inside his own head.
The 4 Life Path woman is strong. She’s sometimes taken to be a bit “masculine” in
the sense that she takes care of everything. She is very responsible, and may be the
family breadwinner. She will wear makeup and dress beautifully, but she has no
problem getting down and dirty when she needs to.
A word of caution for the 4: With a mind that’s always running at full speed, the
temptation arises to drown your thoughts in alcohol. You have so much going on up
there and just want to relax.
The 4 vibration must find healthy, positive outlets to help free yourselves from
your own overactive minds. Something I often suggest to my clients, especially the 4,
is keeping a journal. You can write your thoughts out and purge whatever is troubling
you, rather than trying to drown it with an addiction.
There’s a very grounded quality to the 4. The average 4 is not obsessed with being
filthy rich; they just want to make sure they have enough for the future to feel secure.
Because of their desire to protect, you will find 4s in firefighting and police work.
They are often in some form of construction. They can be architects, builders, or
landscapers—any job that has to do with products of the earth. The 4 likes things that
are tangible and solid. Building something that can shelter and bring comfort to others
appeals to them. Investing in real estate is a good choice for this vibration.
Honesty is crucial to the 4, especially in relationships. When 4s love, they are
very sincere about it. If they discover they’ve been betrayed, they can lose their trust,
making it very hard for them to love again. The other type of 4 will concentrate so
much on their work and plans for the future, they won’t notice the relationship falling
apart and will be shocked and devastated when it ends.
40
In general, the 4 absorbs everything about their surroundings. They see everything,
and because of the way they process information, they need their peace and quiet.
They have this sensible, traditional, well-behaved way about them. They don’t like
people who are overly flashy or gregarious. If someone is too loud or obnoxious, they
will get offended. The 4 is very selective in their friendships and they don’t need a lot
of people in their lives. There is a loner quality to the 4, similar to that of the 7.
It is not uncommon for a 4 to have panic attacks. They want the situation they’re in
to be in absolutely perfect order. Scientists, however, tell us that the natural state of
the universe is chaos! They need to embrace this fact and rest assured that things will
sort themselves out in the end. Remembering this can make a 4 feel better immediately.
A final thought on the 4 Life Path. The 4 does not like to look naive in any
situation. When they learn a skill, they are inclined to become expert at it—that’s why
4s make such amazing teachers. So if there’s a 4 out there working for someone else
and thinking, Boy, I do this better than my boss, then I suggest you start teaching it to
other people. You’ll make your own money, and finally find true fulfillment.
NATURAL MATCH NUMBERS: 2, 4, and 8
COMPATIBLE NUMBERS: 6 and 7
CHALLENGE NUMBERS: 1, 3, 5, and 9