MASTER SOUL URGE 11/2
You have a deep need to heal and transform others through selfless service and artistic creativity.

When you look deep into your core, you have an underlying and pressing need to recognize and use your creativity, intuition, and healing abilities for the benefit of humanity as a whole.  You can achieve this in a multitude of ways—eliciting an emotional response through dance, music, or art.  Working one-on-one or in groups with various healing modalities.  Or you can write, entertain, teach.

Remember, you are a double 1 (leadership, confidence) and yet also a 2 (harmony, love).  So you come with some special challenges to fulfill your mission.  A 2 will go out of their way to avoid being in the spotlight.

A 2 is most at peace and satisfied when they’re taking the reins behind the scenes.  The 11 pushes you into the spotlight and this will have some disconcerting effects on you.

Some of your internal struggles might include feeling as though nothing you do is ever quite enough.  You’ll have a nervous energy that you just can’t control.  You’ll lean toward impatience and criticism (toward yourself and others) and arm-wrestle with self-doubt.

If you’re to embrace this Soul Urge number, you’ll do battle with a fairly hefty ego, which is ironic because you volley from feeling totally inferior to loftily superior; back and forth.  This number sets you up for inspired leadership and achievement.  Yet you’ll most likely feel as though you’re jumping through rings of fire to get there.

You might even think of yourself as “The Wounded Healer,” because your life provides you with plenty of obstacles to get your footing, embrace your high level of spirituality and intuition, and then act upon your gifts in a solid and practical way that will bring your message to the masses.

This Soul Urge number requires that you build and use your emotional psychic shield daily or you’ll become so emotionally wounded you won’t have the strength or fortitude to fulfill your mission. Understand that at the core of your being, you’re super-emotionally sensitive, psychically gifted, and artistically creative.

I don’t know anyone who has an 11 in their chart who doesn’t go through some pretty traumatic experiences in their lives – whether it’s health issues, big losses, traumas, abuse – anything that can shake you to the core, that’s what the 11 brings with it.

The reason?  To become the inspired healer and teacher, you must walk the walk and talk the talk.  Whenever you survive and thrive – and then use the experience as a way to teach and heal –  you’re stepping into your Soul’s greatest desire.